README.md, before:

# com.hjed.civicrm.jira-connect

![Screenshot](/images/screenshot.png)

(*FIXME: In one or two paragraphs, describe what the extension does and why one would download it. *)

The extension is licensed under [AGPL-3.0](LICENSE.txt).

## Requirements

* PHP v5.4+
* CiviCRM (*FIXME: Version number*)

## Installation (Web UI)

This extension has not yet been published for installation via the web UI.

## Installation (CLI, Zip)

Sysadmins and developers may download the `.zip` file for this extension and
install it with the command-line tool [cv](https://github.com/civicrm/cv).

```bash
cd <extension-dir>
cv dl com.hjed.civicrm.jira-connect@https://github.com/FIXME/com.hjed.civicrm.jira-connect/archive/master.zip
```

## Installation (CLI, Git)

Sysadmins and developers may clone the [Git](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git) repo for this extension and
install it with the command-line tool [cv](https://github.com/civicrm/cv).

```bash
git clone https://github.com/FIXME/com.hjed.civicrm.jira-connect.git
cv en jira_connect
```

## Usage

(* FIXME: Where would a new user navigate to get started? What changes would they see? *)

## Known Issues

(* FIXME *)

Commit message:

Succesfully completed one way sync (jira -> civicrm) of a group. Renamed plugin.

README.md, after:

# com.hjed.civicrm.jira-sync

This extension will provide two way sync of groups between CiviCRM and JIRA Cloud. 

This plugin is being developed for [BLUEsat UNSW](http://bluesat.com.au).


The extension is licensed under [AGPL-3.0](LICENSE.txt).

## Requirements

* PHP v5.4+
* CiviCRM 4.7
* com.hjed.civicrm.oauth-sync

## Installation (Web UI)

This extension has not yet been published for installation via the web UI.

## Installation (CLI, Zip)

Sysadmins and developers may download the `.zip` file for this extension and
install it with the command-line tool [cv](https://github.com/civicrm/cv).

```bash
cd <extension-dir>
cv dl com.hjed.civicrm.jira-sync@https://github.com/FIXME/com.hjed.civicrm.jira-sync/archive/master.zip
```

## Installation (CLI, Git)

Sysadmins and developers may clone the [Git](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git) repo for this extension and
install it with the command-line tool [cv](https://github.com/civicrm/cv).

```bash
git clone https://github.com/FIXME/com.hjed.civicrm.jira-sync.git
cv en jira_sync
```

## Usage

(* FIXME: Where would a new user navigate to get started? What changes would they see? *)

## Known Issues

(* FIXME *)
